java c
The GS 101: Introduction to Global Studies
Calendar Description
An interdisciplinary introduction to the contemporary world that focuses on the ideological, political, economic and cultural dimensions of globalization. The class considers the principal actors, institutions, processes, and power relations that have shaped the challenges and opportunities associated with globalization, drawing on case studies to explore selected world issues in greater depth.
Course Overview
When I started teaching this course in January 2007, economic globalization seemed in full swing, with free trade agreements and World Trade Organization negotiations fueling ever-greater flows of goods and investment. But under the surface things were already changing. The 9/11 attacks and the “war on terror” had put a chill on the idea that we were headed towards ever-greater global integration and cooperation. Then the 2007-08 financial crisis hit, and the world system shuddered. It's into that more uncertain world that most of you were born. Since then, we have experienced a roller-coaster of unexpected events: the Trump presidency in the USA, COVID-19, Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, the return of the Taliban in Afghanistan, and China’s moves to consolidate itself as a global superpower, just to name a few of the most significant changes.
By now it is clear that we live in a world turning towards regionalism, nationalism and extremism— just as the unprecedented challenge of climate change calls for greater collective action. What does all this mean for our future? And what can be done in response to pressing global issues in this new context of uncertainty? GS101 is an exploration of these questions. You will learn some fundamental knowledge  about  the  political,  economic  and  cultural  dimensions  of  global  change.  More importantly, you will be encouraged to reflect upon and debate tough issues like human migration, environmental crisis, inequality and the shape of democracy.
Course Format
Lectures are a space for me to share my own reflections on our world, engage with the course readings, and help you grapple with the concepts and other content that will equip you to think critically about global issues. There will be opportunities in lecture for you to share ideas and arguments, but tutorials are where we truly pass the ball over to your side of the court. Lectures will normally be in person. Missing lectures on a regular basis is a pretty bad idea if you wish to be successful in the course.
Tutorials are facilitated by graduate students. Tutorial leaders will guide you through small group and seminar discussions of questions about the weekly readings and other materials.Grading is in the hands of your tutorial leaders, including your tutorial preparation and participation, your assignments, and your midterm and final exam. You are strongly encouraged to seek out your tutorial leader and/or the course director during their office hours for assistance with the course. Yes we are busy people, but meeting with you is part of our job. So don’t be shy, and don’t leave your concerns or questions until the last minute!Course Texts  ExpensesWe use a variety of different materials for this course.  A textbook  provides continuity  but is supplemented by various other journalistic or quasi-academic sources, podcasts and videos. The weekly content load is somewhat variable; plan ahead to make sufficient time for the busier weeks.Required text: McCormick, John (2022) Introduction to Global Studies (2nd Edition). New York  Oxford,   London:   Macmillan    International   Higher    Education       Red   Globe    Press,   ISBN: 9781352013047. Available via the BookStore as an e-text and in hard copy. Also available on reserve in the library as an e-text and a physical copy. The purchase links are:Web links for additional resources: See the weekly links for additional required materials on issues, arguments or current events related to the weekly topics. Sometimes the online location of materials can change unexpectedly, disabling the links I’ve posted; please advise me immediately if you experience any difficulties accessing the materials.
A laptop, smart phone, or other mobile device: We will have practice quizzes in lecture. If you wish to participate you will need access to the internet.
Course Objectives for Student Learning
•    Familiarity with some of the key concepts and debates in the field of Global Studies.
•    Enhanced  ability  to   understand  and   interpret   a  variety  of   sources  and   disciplinary perspectives to probe complex global issues.
•    Increased sensitivity to the complexity of human experience around the world, including similarities and differences across culture, identity and opportunities for a good life.
•    Improved note taking and test preparation skills.
•    Enhanced ability to discuss and exchange ideas and arguments in small group and seminar settings.
•    Beginner   experience   with   academic    research   and   writing   according   to    detailed specifications.
Assignments  Evaluation
The use of generative AI is not permitted on assignments for this course.  Please see the course policy section to read more about this policy. Ask the course director if you have any questions.ElementWeightTutorial (multiple components, see below)25%Global Issue Proposal (due Oct. 12)5%Global Issue Profile (due Nov. 23)20%Midterm (Oct. 22)20%Final exam (during December final exam period)30%Total100%
Tutorial (25%)Learning to share and debate ideas is a fundamental part of academic training, so you will be expected    to    come    to    tutorial     prepared    to    participate     each    week.    This    means reading/viewing/listening to the content and submitting your responses to the posted discussion questions prior to tutorial (they will be posted every Saturday at the latest and are due each week by Wednesday at 11:59 PM). It is worth underlining that these questions will be the foundation for 1/3 of the final exam. So, take your time answering them and make  notes after tutorial discussion or TA feedback to ensure you have a good grasp of the materials.In tutorial, you are expected to engage with your peers, making your own contributions but also listening  respectfully  to  the  contributions  of  others.  As  noted  below, you must submit  a satisfactory response (2/5 or better) to the discussion questions in order to receive a grade for participating in a tutorial.
Each week, you will receive a tutorial grade out of 10. There are two components to this grade: 5 points for a reading response and 5 points for participation.
1.  Your response to the discussion questions, which should be about 350 words total, will be evaluated based on:
a.  Whether it actually responds to the question(s),
b.  How well it demonstrates critical reflection,
c.  The degree to which it interacts with the sources (i.e. making explicit reference to arguments, ideally using short quotes).
2.  Your participation will be evaluated based on:
a.  Attendance (including punctuality),
b.  Attentiveness and respect paid to the contributions of tutorial leader and classmates,
c.  Frequency and quality of your own contributions to discussion.The two lowest scores will be dropped from your tutorial grades, and the average of the remaining weeks will determine your final tutorial grade out of 25. Grades for tutorial will be provided in the MyLS drop box, where you submit your responses. If you do not submit a response, you will not receive a grade for the corresponding tutorial, even if you are present. No late responses are permitted. While a minimal response maybe sufficient to receive a tutorial grade for the week, TAs may also deem a response submission null based on a lack of relevant content, resulting in a zero grade for that tutorial.
Global Issue Proposal (5%) Due October 12 by 11:59 PMIdentify a global issue that is of interest to you and present a proposal for your global issue profile related to this issue. You should read ahead about the global issue profile assignment, so that you choose an issue with the full assignment criteria in mind.
Assignment format: The proposal consists of three parts.
1.  In 2-4 sentences (maximum 80 words), answer this question: What is the issue and why is it globally significant? This description should be exclusively comprised of your own words; no quotations please.
2.  Provide a reference list of three sources related to the issue: one academic journal article, one media article (i.e., journalism), and one report from an intergovernmental or non-
governmental organization (i.e., not just their web page). Use correct reference information and format for each source, inAPA (7th edition)format (include a DOI or web link, so your TA can find the source). Each source should investigate the issue in some degree of depth, rather than simply discussing it in passing or reporting briefly on a related event.
3.  Under each reference, provide a 2-4 sentence description (maximum 80 words for each
description) of what the source contributes to our understanding of the issue. Please also follow these formatting and submission requirements:
•   Y代 写The GS 101: Introduction to Global StudiesWeb
代做程序编程语言our assignment must have your name, your TA’s name, and the date of submission at the top of the page (no title required);
• You must use 1.5 line spacing and 12-point sans serif font (e.g. Helvetica, Calibri);
•    You must use APA (7th edition) style. for the references;
•    Each of your three sources must either be submitted as a PDF in the same assignment drop box (preferred) OR be available as a direct link (i.e. the link takes your TA right to the
document itself or to the page where a prominently placed download link is present).
Evaluation: The proposals will be evaluated according to three criteria, with a total score out of 30.
1. Effectiveness of the issue description (10 points): Is the description of the issue and its significance coherent, focussed, and compelling? Is it clearly articulated as a global issue?
2. Sources (10 points): Does your proposal have the required sources, and have you
referenced them correctly? Have you provided PDFs or direct download links? Are they a good fit with the issue, as you have described it?
3. Source descriptions (10 points): Do the short descriptions of the sources provide
adequate and appropriate information about them, and about how they are related to the topic?A note about the academic source: An academic source is a source that has been subjected to peer review. That means that experts vet the work of other experts, hopefully ensuring the quality of the research. If you are unfamiliar with scholarly sources and how to find them, watch the Laurier Library tutorial video aboutscholarly sources, as well as the tutorial aboutfinding academic articles. For this assignment you are looking for an academic journal article, not other kinds of scholarly sources.A note about the media source and reliable journalism: There is an avalanche of information— and a lot of misinformation—available online. To be a successful researcher in relation to media sources, you need to be able to identify which are reliable sources and which are not. It isn’t always easy to tell, and even reliable sources can present one-sided interpretations of issues. One place to start looking for media sources is Laurier’s OMNI page on news articles, but you may find this cumbersome if you just want to see what’s going on in the world and get ideas for this assignment.If you just want to browse world news, look to public news outlets like the CBC,BBC, or DW, or consider reputable private news sources like theGlobe and Mail,New York Times,The Guardian, or Al Jazeera. Many of these publish in-depth, investigative journalism, which can provide a lot of insight about specific issues. Some news sources have a paywall, and sometimes you can gain access behind that paywall via OMNI. There are lots of reputable news sources in other parts of the world, so don’t let yourself be limited to sources from the Global North. In addition, there is lots of independent media that often holds itself to high journalistic standards. However, avoid blogs and websites devoted to narrow ideological causes or to spreading misinformation, often masquerading as “news” . When in doubt, consult your TA.A note about the intergovernmental or non-governmental organization source: This is the source that is the most open to interpretation around reliability of information . Try to use reports from intergovernmental organizations (e.g. the United Nations and affiliated organizations) or from large non-governmental  organizations  (e.g.  World   Wildlife  Fund,  Amnesty  International,  Oxfam). Normally, you should be citing a report or other document from the organization, but in certain cases it may be acceptable to cite a web page. When in doubt, consult your TA.
A note about assignment length: You are expected to follow the assignment requirements closely. We will not read the portions of your assignment that go beyond the specified length.
Global Issue Profile (20%) Due November 23 by 11:59 PMThe point of this assignment is to introduce your reader to the issue you have researched. Assume your reader has a reasonably high level of general global knowledge but little specific awareness of the issue you will address. The profile should build on your proposal, drawing on the parts of the proposal that were successful (yes, you can repeat certain sentences if you want) and showing evidence that you’ve incorporated the feedback provided. In this way, it should represent an evolution of your understanding of the issue, likely being more focussed and providing more specific insights.Assignment format: In no more than 350 words, explain what is at stake in the global issue you have identified, drawing specifically on all three of the sources you are using for the assignment. Some questions that should inform. your writing include the following (and you may also think of others):
• Why is this issue significant?
• What choices or challenges does the issue pose for those affected by it?
• Who (people, countries, organizations, religious or other groups) is involved?
•    How/why did the issue emerge?
•    How have different actors (individuals, organizations, governments, etc.) responded to it?
•   What more should be done, and by whom? You will also need to do the following:
•    Draw specifically and substantively on each of your three sources, including citing each source at least once and including one short quote each from at least two of the sources (and not more than three short quotes overall), using correct APA citation style, including your list of references;
•   At the very end of the assignment (not included in your 350 word count), provide a 3-4 sentence explanation of how you have responded to the feedback you received on the proposal, and about any other changes you’ve made since your proposal to improve your approach to the issue. Please be specific and precise in your explanation.
Please also follow these formatting and submission requirements:
• Your assignment must have a title, your name, your TA’s name, and the date of submission;
• You must use 1.5 line spacing and 12-point sans serif font (e.g. Helvetica, Calibri);
• Use APA (7th edition) style. for citations and references;
•    Use paragraphs to separate your ideas into coherent bundles;
•    Include very brief introductory and concluding statements;
•    Each of your three sources must either be submitted as a PDF in the same assignment drop box (preferred) OR be available as a direct link (i.e. the link takes your TA right to the document itself or to the page where a prominently placed download link is present).
Evaluation: Your assignment will be evaluated according to five criteria, with a total score out of 50.
1. Content: Does the assignment provide a coherent account of the issue? Is there a
compelling case for the importance of the issue? Is it clear who is involved and how the issue is being addressed?
2. Clarity of argument: Is the title effective? Are the arguments presented clearly? Is the text well-organized and do the ideas flow easily?
3. Use of sources: Have you provided PDFs or direct download links? Does the text make   effective use of the sources, with evidence of drawing on them for key ideas and quotes? Are the quotes effective?
4. Academic writing: Is the grammar and spelling correct? Does your assignment use correct quotation and citation format? Are the references listed correctly?
5. Evidence of responding to feedback: Have you responded substantively to the feedback provided on the proposal? Both your explanation and actual changes will be evaluated.A note about assignment length: You are expected to follow the length requirements closely. The limit is 350 words (not including your response to feedback section at the end) and we will not read beyond that limit as we evaluate your assignment.
A note about working with feedback: You must take the feedback on your proposal seriously. If you don’t understand the feedback, or if it seems insufficient, ask to discuss it with your TA and   make notes about this conversation. For many of you, the feedback may mean you need to significantly change your topic, or you might have to discard one or more of your existing sources and search for others. Make sure you consult your TA as you make these changes.
Midterm (20%) October 22
The midterm will consist exclusively of multiple-choice questions. We will have weekly practice questions in lecture to help you prepare.
Final Exam (30%) During final exam period. Do not book travel until you know the date!The final exam will include multiple choice and short/paragraph answers. While the multiple-choice portion will only cover materials since the midterm, the written answers will draw from materials across the entire course.
Public Talk Bonus (1%) Dates and times TBAAttend a campus talk that is designated as eligible for a GS101 bonus mark. Attendees at talks are expected to arrive on time, stay for the duration and avoid use of electronic devices. Take your student card in order to sign up after the talk to receive your grade. Eligible talks will be announced as the semester progresses. You cannot earn more than one bonus point.




         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
